docs: add component deprecation migration docs (#7466)
Sage/carbon: docs/deprecation-migration.mdx

```js
import Dialog from "carbon-react/lib/components/dialog";
import Button from "carbon-react/lib/components/button";
import Box from "carbon-react/lib/components/box";
```

<Canvas of={DeprecationMigrationStories.Confirm} />

## Content

The `Content` component can be replaced with any text-based element or component. In the example below, `Typography` has been used for the title, but any text-based element can also be used, such as `h1`, `h2`, `p`, `span`, etc. The `Typography` component provides consistent styling and typography hierarchy.

```js
import Typography from "carbon-react/lib/components/typography";
```

<Canvas of={DeprecationMigrationStories.Content} />

## Detail

The `Detail` component can be replaced with any text-based element or component. In the example below, the `<span>` element has been used, but any text-based element or component can also be used, such as `Typography`, `h1`, `h2`, `p`, etc. Choose the most semantically appropriate element for the content being displayed.

<Canvas of={DeprecationMigrationStories.Detail} />

## DismissibleBox

> A close replication of the `DismissibleBox` component can be achieved using the `Box` component for layout and structure. An `IconButton` can be used for the close functionality. Additional styling can be achieved using the `Box` component's style properties or CSS to match the original design. The `VerticalDivider` component can be used to separate content sections as needed.

Reviewer: **suggestion**:

```suggestion
A close replication of the `DismissibleBox` component can be achieved using the `Box` component for layout and structure. An `IconButton` can be used for the close functionality. Additional styling can be achieved using the `Box` component's style props. The `VerticalDivider` component can be used to separate content sections as needed.
```
